# Iot-Healthcare-Application
Full Sem Project

This project describes the design and implementation of an IoT-based smart doctor kit for a critical medical condition that can provide a versatile connection to IOT data that can help emergency health services such as Intensive Care Units (ICU). In recent technology, IoT gives base where the user can access all information regarding health from anywhere. Some of the Example where IOT are used such as Connected Car Smart Home, and Health Monitoring System. Now in recent days, the healthcare control system is necessary to regularly monitor the patient’s physiological parameters. Heart Beat, body temp, ECG and Respiration are the physiological parameters of the body. The process of measuring these body parameters are called Health monitoring. Different sensors are used to monitor this data and this data is continuously monitored and send towards the internet server or on a mobile app. main advantage of health monitoring is that it reduces human error. The proposed model allows users to achieve better health-related risks and minimizes healthcare costs by collecting, recording, testing and distributing large data in real-time and perfectly. With the use of IFTTT the readings of sensor are perused in google cloud which is then changed over into csv go looking like data. The datasets utilized are grouped as far as therapeutic parameters which are additionally utilized for preparing and testing the information. This strategy assesses those parameters utilizing information preparing order method. With the work of AI calculations and classification. Initially, the dataset is dissected, watched and screened, at that point the obtained information is handled in python programming utilizing Machine Learning Algorithm to be specific Decision Tree Algorithm shows the higher outcome as far as exactness for identifying heart illness. Henceforth the proposed framework is demonstrated to be solid one for foreseeing prior heart disease. The proposed hardware as well as software system helps patient to predict heart disease in early stages. It will be helpful for mass screening system in villages where hospital facilties are not available, i.e., rural areas.The idea behind this paper is to reduce the patient's worry about visiting a doctor every time. The time not only of patients but also of doctors is saved with the aid of this project proposal, so doctors can also help patients as much as possible in critical condition.
